== SETUP


To set up the vagrant box, install open CV, and set the database rights right, run:

vagrant up

Then log in and create the databases:

vagrant ssh

cd /home/vagrant/offset; bundle install; rake db:create; rake db:migrate; rake db:seed


And run the server:
cd /home/vagrant/offset; rails s -b 0.0.0.0

Access the site:
http://localhost:3100


== README

Offset is an image management tool that can be used from other web apps
and has the following functionality that you don't need to replicate:

* Manage images
* Serve images
* Resize images
* Add a name and tags to an image
* Select an image from the collection

Authentication from external apps works through OAuth2. An account can
define multiple roles that can have the following rights:

* Upload an image (tags pre-defined)
* Upload an image and create/choose tags
* Browse the image gallery and select an image
* Delete an image

Each role has its own OAuth2 account to access the app.

An account can create multiple collections. For each collection the
sizes that offset should resize to can be defined.



=== Workflow

External app redirects the user to Offset and sends the following variables:
* Role
* Tags
* Collection

After offset is finished dealing with the user, it returns:
* the id of the image
* the url for the requested thumbnail size


=== Models

- User
  - Collections
    - Default image sizes
    - Images
    - Tags


=== S3 / Fog

The app uses Fog for storage settings. Among others, it can use S3.


=== API

OAuth2: use the server credentials to obtain an access token.

Post an image:
POST: /collection/:collection_id/images
  variables:
    - image_data
    - name
    - description (optional)
    - tags (optional)
    - author_email (optional)
    - author_name (optional)
  returns:
    - picture_id


Retrieve a list of images for 
GET: /collection/:collection_id?page=:page
GET: /collection/:collection_id?page=:page;tag=:tag



=== Example OAuth client code
gem install oauth2
irb -r oauth2

callback = "http://localhost:3001/" 
app_id = "fd8ecd805e8a772a20302db1191c58a853c5ba7318773ebbf2a76d47af0a6ef1" 
secret = "340adfb3af545b2444f5532056910f1373b74990d3a3686f5456b3fa43bad923" 
client = OAuth2::Client.new(app_id, secret, site: "http://localhost:3100/") 

auth_code = "6a5efd644e4604ec6a8201ba93ebf952036eb1e8769fc218ec882eb5a789aec5"  
access = client.auth_code.get_token(auth_code, redirect_uri: callback) 

access.get("/api/v1/collections").parsed 

access.expired?
access = access.refresh!


== Installation

* Ruby version
Developed and tested on Ruby 2.2.3

* System dependencies
Imagemagick
Open CV (for Face recognition)

* Configuration

* Database creation

* Database initialization

* How to run the test suite

* Services (job queues, cache servers, search engines, etc.)

* Deployment instructions

* ...


Please feel free to use a different markup language if you do not plan to run
<tt>rake doc:app</tt>.